## **Question 1: How are faults and failures related to testing and debugging?**


In the activity of debugging, there is a significant chance that an additional fault will be introduced under the hood when removing a fault that has already existed before. Therefore, trying to debug completely is an ideal when the assumption of practicing has not relied on modeling software. In addition, if the debugging process is imperfect, of course, more and more faults that lead to the failure are gradually introduced and detected. In this situation, it is mandatory to increase the amount of staff to cover up faults and share load to lift up the quality of the software. When we take a closer look to see the effects of imperfect debugging, we can compare by a single-queue multi channel queuing model with feedback. We have 2 types of debugging processes to discuss. Firstly , it is called Procedure_perfect_debugging, which relies on a single-queue multiple channel queuing model that can cope with perfect debugging. Secondly, it is called Procedure_imperfect_ debugging for a queuing model with feedback to deal with imperfect debugging. We will illustrate the implementation of the procedures throughout cases, hence we can measure the quality of the imperfect debugging affected in account of throughput, time consumption, and the activity of utilization for debuggers. Finally, relied on these measurement results, we can decide which is the most suitable staffing level for a debugging system under variety of degrees of imperfect debugging
